hey hey hey it's la what's happening
guys this is my first game after I reach
prestige 2 and I actually said it best
each one pursues one level 50 for a
while I was gonna stop until some form
of prestige hat came out then I got
really bored one evening and just
decided to go for anyway and it didn't
plan out at the beginning as nicely as I
hoped but um I'm I should pull it back
in the end and it's it turns out to be a
half-decent game not the usual standard
that I'll upload but bunny I'd like to
show you guys what happens there you
know sometimes I don't do as well um so
the big topic at the moment is the new
map pack it's been confirmed that for
Xbox he'll be coming out on the 1st of
February and there's no date confirmed
for ps3 because if you didn't know the
Microsoft have a some sort of like pact
they're paying for where they get all
the map packs and all the ex exclusive
cool duty stuff early before the ps3 so
that's kind of unfortunate for as ps3
lot but there we go any problems they
may have with the map pack will be fixed
the time it comes to us I guess but
still annoying I'm to wait a couple of
months and then watching all these
videos about it and then when you
eventually come to play a couple of
months later it's not really a big thing
anymore is it but there we go it'll cost
1200 Microsoft Points which I believe is
equivalent to 15 dollars which is a lot
of money not too sure if it's more than
the last map pack or not but it sounds
like a lot to me I know on ps3 with IBM
sharing the map pack around with my
friends instead a probably the best idea
and it will come with 4 maps and a
zombies map I've seen screenshots of
fear for Maps haven't seen anything with
the zombies map it sounds all good to be
honest erm the maps and it's game really
good and any more zombie maps will be
much appreciated because zombies in this
game is really awesome there'll be a
link to all of that stuff below if you
haven't seen it and
so thank you very much also for the
sport on my last commentary that went
down pretty well I know read through all
the comments and a lot of you seem to be
a little bored some of you think it's
them stupid that you're bored of the
game and if you are bored of it and move
on to another game you would really
enjoy so if enjoys commentary as well
please give it a like as always it's
really appreciated and I thank you
everyone does rate it really helps me
out and if you haven't followed me on
Twitter please do so there's a link in
the description it's where all the
behind seemed cheers goes down and it's
really fun fun to follow people just
stalk them I guess and so second topic
we have is a little zombie Easter Egg if
you like that that guy who camps found
thought plug his video just actually
managed to try X he's literally released
the video the time mate he's come true a
couple of hours ago so quite knew some
people in the comment section say
they've seen it before but I certainly
haven't and it sounds really interesting
so I want to try out basically it's a
pitch where you saw die in a corner and
then after you've died and you know the
power-ups you can get like x to max ammo
all of that once you've died and revived
by your third teammate you get bigger
chance of getting those power-ups
apparently I mean he says it works and
he doesn't sound like it lying so
definitely guess is true cuz that's
really interesting another link will be
in description for that and of course
Christmastime here in the UK where I
live on sorry we've had like Saturday I
got to work at 9:00 in the morning with
about a centimeter of snow and when I
left it about 12 o'clock
there was a least a foot of snow so it
all came down on Saturday morning and
it's still around half it's time to go
really but perhaps it will stay for
Christmas and we have a white Christmas
it should be pretty special I guess you
know in UK you don't get tend to get a
lot of snow so it's been pretty fun
actually
I've been staging unit step
awesome see ya hopefully if you've
enjoyed the commentary and I've had
another one put up in another channel
called cock bull there and I'm gonna
have more commentaries happen there
Boyd's going to be some my old
commentaries for a while that are we
commentate for those guys but they're
going for mission of a partnership as
well so it's really cool and so yeah I
hope you've enjoyed guys please do leave
a like if you enjoyed all the links I
talked about in the commentary in the
description below I really hope you have
a great Christmas I've got a flawless TM
game probably out just before Christmas
and then won't have another one until
maybe the Monday after Christmas so have
a fantastic day I hope you've enjoyed
and thank you very much for watching
cheers guys